Enable io_uring (#19700)
arangodb/arangodb: scripts/docker/README.md

> We want images to be tagged based on the version of the base image as well was the versions of the most important components. In order to not break base branch please set random part with a branch-name dependency: i.e. `git rev-parse --short HEAD`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We want images to be tagged based on the version of the base image as well as the versions of the most important components. In order to not break the base branch please add a random part with a branch-name dependency: i.e. `git rev-parse --short HEAD`.
```

For example `arangodb/build-alpine:3.16-gcc11.2-openssl3.1.1-<RAND>-amd64`
That image is based on Alpine 3.16 and has gcc 11.2 and OpenSSL 3.1.1 installed built for x86-64 architecture.

> To automate and simplify this, for each dockerfile there are build-image_*.sh scripts that creates an image with the `latest-<ARCH>` tag and afterwards automatically determines the relevant version numbers, tags the image accordingly, and prints the command to push the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To automate and simplify this, for each dockerfile there are build-image_*.sh scripts that create an image with the `latest-<ARCH>` tag and afterwards automatically determine the relevant version numbers, tags the image accordingly, and print the command to push the image.
```

> Each supported architecture (x86-64 and arm64) has own build-image_*.sh script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each supported architecture (x86-64 and arm64) has its own build-image_*.sh script.
```
